Add vaccination uptake signal (#369)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/fb-survey.md

| Signal | Description | Survey Item |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `smoothed_accept_covid_vaccine` | Estimated percentage of respondents who would definitely or probably choose to get vaccinated, if a COVID-19 vaccine were offered to them today. **Note:** Until January 6, 2021, all respondents answered this question; beginning on that date, only respondents who said they have not received a COVID vaccine are asked this question. | V3 |
| `smoothed_covid_vaccinated` | Estimated percentage of respondents who have already received a vaccine for COVID-19. **Note:** The Centers for Disease Control compiles data on vaccine administration across the United States. This signal may differ from CDC data because of survey biases and should not be treated as authoritative. However, the survey signal is not subject to the lags and reporting problems in official vaccination data. | V1 |

These indicators are based on questions added in Wave 6 of the survey,

> introduced on December 19, 2020; however, item V1 was only enabled beginning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
introduced on December 19, 2020; however, Delphi only enabled item V1 beginning
```

January 6, 2021. **Note:** As of January 2021, vaccination items on the survey
are being revised in preparation for Wave 7. We may replace the signals above
with new signals (with different names) if the underlying survey items change
significantly.

> A weighted version of these signal, using the [survey weighting described

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Weighted versions of these signals, using the [survey weighting described
```
